-[crickets chirping]
-[owl hooting]
JINKEIEN
[Miura. on TV]
Thank you all for being here tonight.
As you all know.
I'm Takeshi Miura. the governor of Tokyo.
I'd like to address
all my fellow citizens.
First of all.
I apologize for the late hour.
Regarding the recent disturbances
involving the Human Vapor…
How's he still alive?
[Miura] …Fujita Fujikawa.
a video streamer…
EMERGENCY PRESS CONFERENCE
FOURTH VICTIM
…has been killed in a fire…
POSSIBLE TERRORIST ATTACK
…of unknown origin.
The loss of any human life is tragic.
While the investigation is ongoing…
-[knock at door]
-[woman] Mr. Okamoto?
Yeah?
[woman] Sorry to disturb you.
but dinner is ready.
if you'd please come to the dining room.
[Kenji] Any chance we can eat in here?
Oh. of course. I'll bring it in.
-No. don't worry. I'll get it.
-[woman] Whatever you'd like.
[Miura] …the Human Vapor
has not been acting alone.
We now know the identity
of his accomplice.
famed JNT reporter Kyoko Kono.
-[somber music playing]
-A manhunt is underway.
Her whereabouts are unknown.
but we believe that she's hiding out
with the Human Vapor as we speak.
According to
the Metropolitan Police Department…
[PA system] …the possibility of a link
between Fujikawa and White Center
is extremely low.
They are not ruling out
any possibilities at this time.
Of course. there will be more to come.
[indistinct chattering nearby]
[Miura] That said.
it seems increasingly likely
that the series of murders carried out
by the Human Vapor and Kyoko Kono
is completely random.
I am asking my fellow citizens
to please stay home
unless it is absolutely necessary.
This is a very dangerous situation.
If you must leave your home.
I urge you to exercise extreme caution.
Once again.
I don't wish to cause alarm.
but the possibility of an indiscriminate
terrorist act is significant.
Please take every precaution you can
and refrain from any unnecessary outings.
I cannot emphasize this enough.
I can assure you.
the authorities are doing
everything possible to keep you safe.
[music fades out]
[man on video] Times change.
and the notion of the strongest beings.
you know. gods and great powers.
and all that crap. it changes.
Think about where we were
in the 1800s till now…
[Kaho. on video] Very exciting.
we got two applications come our way.
from Yajima and Komoto Bad.
[Fujita] Our two chosen ones!
Fujita Occultic's Point!
[Fujita screams]
[Fujita screams again]
Okay!
That was two screams. [groans]
But unfortunately. it's not enough!
We need more blood!
-More blood. more blood!
-[Kaho] They're gonna complain again.
-Yajima. I have five words for you.
-[poignant music playing]
[Fujita] Aim for the scream empire!
-[Fujita screams]
-[Kaho] Oh my God. you need to stop!
[Fujita chuckles] That was epic!
Kaho… [Fujita laughs]
-Kaho. come here.
-[Kaho] It's not happening.
[Fujita] What's his name again?
The guy? Tomato. or. uh…
[Kaho] Komoto Bad?
[Fujita] Let's say thank you
to Komoto Bad. on camera.
[Kaho] I told you. Not gonna happen.
[Fujita] Let the world see
your beautiful face! Get over here!
[Kaho] Not happening…
JNT REPORTER KYOKO KONO WANTED!
-[Fujita] Come on. my sister.
-[Kaho] Stop it!
[Fujita] Everyone wants to see you.
It'll be fun. They're gonna love you.
[Kaho] Give it up.
-[Fujita] Please!
-[Kaho] Bye-bye.
[newscaster] The Metropolitan Police
held a press conference
in response to the recent murders
involving the Human Vapor.
A new development has revealed
that famed JNT reporter Kyoko Kono
has been working with the man
and is now on a nationwide
most wanted list.
-Kono is a member of JNT's Social Affairs…
-[Kaho exhales]
[man] Excuse me. sir.
I have the recent approval ratings
for the gubernatorial election.
As you can see.
until about midway through the campaign.
Kirishima had a considerable advantage.
However. since the Human Vapor arrived…
KIRISHIMA 36.2%
MIURA 35.8%
…our approval ratings
have been climbing steadily.
The more the public seems to panic.
the more I think
they're inclined to choose stability
instead of rocking the boat.
Having said that.
there's still a sizable gap
between us and Kirishima.
[Miura exhales]
[dark. dramatic music playing]
HUMAN VAPOR
[muffled] Doo-doo-doo-doo! It's no good.
Doctor. Even Zaorik can't revive them!
YOU HAVE A PRIVATE COMMENT
DADASHOW: PLEASE CONTACT 090689731
[video playing over headphones]
[Kaho. on video] Okay. as you can all see.
my brother's rampage is in full swing.
When she gets this.
I think Kaho will contact us.
All right.
[Kyoko sighs deeply]
[quiet. tense music playing]
[exhales slowly]
Something's been bothering me.
Is it okay if I ask you about it?
[Kyoko] Mm.
Why… were you there?
At White Center?
My mother…
left me there.
After my dad died.
she…
treated me like I was a burden.
After a little while.
she moved in with another man.
and handed me over.
[Kenji sighs]
When I ran away from White Center.
I met Ren. Uncle Ren.
Something about the bowl of ramen
he bought me that day…
I don't know. I can't explain it.
But it was the best thing I ever ate.
And then he found out that I had no home.
no one to take care of me.
[Ren] You're not alone. you know.
When I was your age. I had nowhere to go.
[soft music playing]
Sometimes. when I look at you. Kyoko.
it's like looking at myself back then.
That's why…
I couldn't just leave you.
[Kyoko chuckles] Well…
does that mean I can stay with you
for a little bit. Uncle Ren?
[Ren] Whoa! Huh?
[Ren chuckles]
[bottle rattles]
I found one! [gasps]
Uncle Ren! Uncle Ren. I found one!
[bottle rattles]
Here. let's see your hand.
[Kyoko] Oh! Oh!
[Ren] Ha! Wow!
-[Ren laughs] Ah! Oh. oh!
-[Kyoko] It's working!
-[Ren] Oh wow! There it goes!
-[Kyoko] Whoa!
-[Kyoko giggling]
-Great job!
-Yay!
-Ha!
[both laughing]
[Ren and Kyoko singing in Japanese]
♪ …sets with the sun ♪
[singing in English] ♪ Ellie ♪
♪ My love ♪
♪ So sweet… ♪
[Kyoko] Those few months I spent with him.
they were…
the only happy childhood memories I have.
Go right ahead and make a wish.
Let's hear it. Go on!
["Ellie My Love" continues]
Uh…
-Come on. make a wish. you got it!
-Hmm…
Tell me your wish. Kyoko.
[shop owner] Say cheese!
Over here…
Ah. ah…
Nice.
[Ren chuckles]
Oh.
What's wrong?
You don't like the picture?
You wanna take another one?
KYOKO AND REN
Uncle Ren.
[Ren] Hmm?
Do…
Do you wanna hear my wish?
I'm ready to say it now.
Of course.
Into the mic.
Okay. my wish is that you…
That you…
[inaudible]
[adult Kyoko] But it didn't last long.
[owner] Welcome!
[adult Kyoko] And right then.
the door opened.
and my mom came looking for me with a man.
Yasutoshi Mori.
[tense music playing]
[Kyoko's mother sighs]
[Mori] So?
What?
Is that Kyoko?
Yup.
[Mori] Who's this guy?
[exhales] No clue.
[Mori] Oh…
[tense music continues]
[Mori] I guess introductions are in order.
Who might you be. exactly?
Huh?
[Ren] I'm her… guardian.
[Mori and Kyoko's mother laugh]
Guardian. huh?
Well. I'm her mother. so…
[scoffs] …what does she need
a guardian for?
[sighs]
Mother?
Some mother you've been till now.
You've been gone all this time.
You're not her mother!
Hey. I gave birth to her.
It was a pain in the ass!
Now. now. now. Relax.
[Mori] What. are you…
getting your rocks off?
You a perv? Huh?
Protecting children
from sick predators like you
is our job!
[Ren grunting]
[Kyoko] No! No!
[mother] All right. shut up! Come with us!
-Stop crying. We're going!
-No! No!
[Ren grunts]
Run. Kyoko!
[Ren and Mori grunting]
[owner] Stop! Stop!
Come on. Kyoko. let's go.
Let's not get into more trouble.
Come on! Come here. Kyoko!
-[Ren] Run!
-[Mori grunts]
[Mori panting]
[mother] Hurry up
and kill this guy already!
[owner's wife] Hello? I need the police.
I'm at Bunko Ramen in Tateishi!
-[Mori and Ren grunting]
-[objects crashing]
THEFT
DIVISION 2
Listen. I was entrusted with this child
by her mother.
-[Ren] They're bad people. Ask her.
-[Mori] That pervert kidnapped her.
[mother] He did.
He tried to do awful things
to my daughter.
[Ren] I didn't touch her.
[mother] Hey. pervert!
Don't try and lie. We got you!
[sighs]
Uncle Ren didn't do anything wrong.
Shut up!
It's that kind of lip
that got you sent to the center!
-[Ren] Hey!
-[detective 1] Stop it! Sit down!
[detective 2] What's the problem?
Oh. Okamoto.
Oh. Mori.
-What the hell d'you do now? Huh?
-[chuckles] Mr. Okamoto.
-It's a misunderstanding.
-Sit.
[detective 3] Is there anyone
who can verify your identity?
[Shinya] What did he do?
[detective 1] Nothing.
these two were the victims.
-Ren Tsutsumida.
-I see.
[detective 3] That your real name?
-What about work? You got a job?
-[Mori] Uh…
Well. I could tell you I was working.
You can call and verify me
with White Center.
White Center?
Oh. Seems to be
a kinda social welfare facility
supported by the government.
Oh. this must be him.
Uh… I'm sorry to keep you waiting.
Um. hello.
I'm the director of White Center.
-Hiroki Obata.
-[detective 1] Thanks for coming.
[Obata] I'm so sorry
about all the. um. trouble today.
[mysterious music playing]
[Shinya] What are you looking at?
You wanna see something cool?
[music fades out]
Hmm?
You wanna try?
Go on.
[Shinya chuckles]
You know. you can tell me
if that tall man did something to you.
Did he try to touch you or anything?
Maybe yell at you. or did he hit you?
Uncle Ren would never do
something like that.
[chuckles softly] Okay.
And your mom?
Has she ever hit you maybe?
Do you wanna go back to White Center?
[Mori] Mr. Okamoto. please.
We already settled this whole thing
upstairs. We're done.
Kyoko. we've talked it all out. okay?
We think
it's best that you go home with Uncle Ren.
-Really?
-Yeah.
-[Kyoko sighs]
-[Ren] Oh!
I assume we can count on you
to keep your promise?
All right then. You take care.
Bye-bye.
Hey. whoa. wait up. will ya?
I'm starving!
[Mori] It's your brat's fault.
[mother] Don't be mad at me.
I'll buy lunch. okay? I'm sorry…
Thank you.
[emotional music playing]
[Kenji] So…
That detective…
[Kyoko] I don't remember his name.
But he was a really good person.
That was probably…
my father.
Really?
[Kenji exhales]
Here.
Check it out.
My dad's old notebook.
[Kenji sighs]
He was looking into White Center.
Till he was killed in an accident.
I'LL BE BACK TOMORROW.
WAIT FOR ME UNTIL THEN. OKAY?
[dark. tense music playing]
Uncle Ren!
[panting]
Hello? Mister? Hello? Are you there?
-[owner] What's wrong?
-I can't find Uncle Ren!
Huh? Uh. where was it again?
Uh. where the meteorite landed…
He said he was going
to help the cleanup crew.
Where is that?
We can't go past here. unfortunately.
No. no. stop! It's dangerous!
Kyoko! You can't go in there!
[grunts] Come back here!
[groans]
[dark. tense music continues]
[music intensifies]
[Ren screaming in pain]
Uncle Ren!
-[Ren screaming] Help me!
-[Kyoko] Uncle Ren!
Uncle Ren!
-[Mori] Stay back! Get the hell off me!
-Help me!
[Ren choking. groaning]
[wailing] No!
[Ren screaming in pain]
[Kyoko shrieking]
[sobbing] Uncle Ren!
[screaming] No! Uncle Ren!
[explosion]
[music fades out]
[Kyoko] After that…
I never saw him again.
[Kenji sighs]
[exhales]
I'm sorry I couldn't tell you before.
[Kenji] No.
I understand.
Thank you.
I'm glad you told me now.
[birds singing outside]
[vehicle approaching]
[foreboding music playing]
It's this one.
Mr. Okamoto? Do you mind if I come in?
[foreboding music building]
[knocking at door]
[woman] Mr. Okamoto?
Open the door. It's the police.
-Mr. Okamoto?
-He's not here.
I can promise you
he was in here last night.
[music becomes melancholic]
[phone vibrating]
[phone continues vibrating]
PAY PHONE
Yes. hello?
[Kaho] Hello.
[Kyoko] Kaho?
Yeah.
How are you? Are you okay?
[Kyoko] Yeah.
Kaho. listen.
I'm so sorry
about everything.
I want you to know that.
Governor Miura was the one
who killed Fujita.
He found out how to control
the Human Vapor.
and then he ordered him to kill us.
Well. then… he's coming for you.
We need to meet up right now.
Okay?
Okay.
[car horn beeps]
[music fades out]
Kyoko.
When did you…
realize that Ren was the Human Vapor?
About six years ago.
Back when JNT was still in Shinagawa.
-[man] We'll be counting on you. Ms. Fuji.
-[woman] Yes. sir.
So up next. we have The Lost Time.
Kataoka's feeling
a little under the weather today.
Can someone cover?
[man 2] Hmm. I would.
but I gotta get over
to the Iwaki fishing port.
VACANT LOTS ARE A PROBLEM
FOR NEIGHBORS
[Kyoko] I was looking over the plans
during a meeting…
[pen clatters]
I can make it work.
[Kyoko now] It was abandoned at the time.
but there was no doubt in my mind.
It was the place
Uncle Ren and I used to live.
[gentle music playing]
No one had rented the warehouse.
and it had been abandoned
for over 20 years.
[chuckles softly]
[music fades out]
-[rattling]
-[wind whistling faintly]
RECORDING
[haunting music playing]
[mysterious music playing]
[Kyoko breathing nervously]
When I went down to the basement.
I saw that Uncle Ren had become
this… kind of statue.
I can't explain it.
but maybe the parts of his body
that had turned to gas had somehow
been pulled back together.
Uncle Ren?
I thought that maybe
he'd finally found peace.
I wanted to ask him. talk to him.
but he never answered.
I immediately bought the warehouse.
Cleaned it up.
Every few months.
I would go back and visit.
[Kyoko inhales. then blows softly]
ELLIE MY LOVE
SOUTHERN ALL STARS
And it was after that
that I met you.
[truck horn beeps]
[soft music playing]
For the first time in a long time.
I thought I might be able to…
forget about everything from the past
and live happily.
-Here we go.
-[Kenji groans]
[Kyoko sighs]
[Kenji moans]
Bastard's never gonna face the music.
He's just gonna do it again and again
and keep getting away with it.
He's gonna learn from this time
and get smarter.
[intriguing music playing]
[Kenji breathing softly]
[Kyoko breathing heavily]
ELLIE MY LOVE
SOUTHERN ALL STARS
["Ellie My Love"
by Southern All Stars playing]
Uncle Ren.
I…
I found someone I really care about.
And I also found someone else.
[sniffs]
The guy who did this to you.
I…
I don't know what to do.
Do I go after him?
[sniffs] What should I do?
Uncle Ren…
♪ Ellie ♪
♪ My love ♪
♪ So sweet… ♪
Is that really you?
♪ Ellie ♪
♪ My love… ♪
[crying] What's wrong with you?
Please talk to me.
♪ My love ♪
♪ So sweet… ♪
[Human Vapor] Greetings. listener.
Go right ahead
and make a wish.
[sighs sadly]
[Kyoko crying]
[Kenji] So…
what did you wish for?
[tense music playing]
[Mori] I found a good spot.
Let's go there next time.
[man 1] Yeah. I'd love that.
[man 2] Look forward to it.
Let's put something on the books.
[Kyoko] Excuse me! Excuse me!
Yasutoshi Mori?
Who the hell are you?
You were recently questioned by the police
about a high-school girl
who died of an overdose.
-Care to comment on that?
-Hey. get that camera out of my face.
Get that camera off me.
Seeing as there are shareholders here.
wouldn't it be a good idea
to prove your innocence. sir?
I'm not guilty of anything.
Then why refuse to provide your cell phone
to the police during questioning?
[Mori] Speaking of police.
I'm calling them now.
Hey! Get them out of here. would you?
[Kyoko] Nice phone. Mr. Mori. Is it new?
You got rid of your old phone. didn't you.
so they couldn't see what was there?
Don't you feel guilty at all. sir?
She was a young girl!
[guard] Leave quietly.
Come on. move away. please! Come on.
-Hey. stop. Stop!
-Answer me. sir!
[music fades out]
[Kyoko breathing heavily]
-[guard] I told you to stop filming.
-Don't touch my camera!
I could give a comment. you know.
[sinister music playing]
[Mori sighs]
Nope. not to you.
Sorry. sweet cheeks.
[Mori laughs]
[footsteps receding]
Hey. Uncle Ren.
I know
what I wanna wish for.
I wish…
to kill the man
who took you away back then.
The man with the snake tattoo.
I want to kill Yasutoshi Mori.
Please.
Uncle Ren.
[swing music playing]
♪ I knew it when you smiled at me ♪
♪ That in my arms you soon would be… ♪
[sniffs]
♪ Dancing all night long… ♪
[grunts. sniffs]
[doorbell rings]
♪ It was a hot and steamy night ♪
♪ Music played… ♪
[doorbell rings]
♪ As we began to carry on ♪
♪ Dancing all night long ♪
-♪ Cha-cha-cha. mambo too ♪
-[Mori singing along]
♪ The rhythm was… ♪
[scoffs]
I made myself clear.
Not you.
Will you hold on?
-I need to talk to you a minute.
-I've got nothing to say to you!
Now. get lost!
[Mori chokes]
[tense music playing]
[Mori choking]
[Mori gurgling. grunting]
[air whooshing]
What's happening? What is this?
[yells] Let go!
[Mori] Stop! Stop. please! Please! Stop!
[Mori choking]
Let me go! Please. stop!
[choking] I'm sorry. okay?
I'll tell you anything you want. please!
Anything! Please. stop!
[choking]
[gasping]
When the meteorite crashed 27 years ago.
who was in charge of the cleanup?
[Mori coughs. gasps]
[Mori] Wait. what? Uh…
[gasping]
Look. the boss just ordered me to help out
with some work at White Center!
"The boss"? Does that mean yakuza?
[gasping] Yeah.
Otomo…
[grunts]
Otomo Saburo.
So yakuza was involved with White Center?
Tell me how they were connected.
I swear. I don't know!
I just transported people
to the professor.
[Kyoko] Professor? What professor?
[Mori] Sano…
I think his name is Kyugo Sano.
He did an interview on the TV
the other day.
pretending to be
some kind of upstanding citizen.
[Kyoko] Saburo Otomo. Kyugo Sano…
[Mori gasping. groaning]
Anybody else?
I swear to you. that's all I know.
Wait. maybe…
there was someone on the police force.
On the police force?
-[Mori gasping]
-Give me his name.
I told you. I don't know!
Please. let me go!
I told you everything I could!
-Let me down!
-I just have one more point.
Do you recognize the man in front of you?
Does his face ring a bell?
No. Should it?
What? Should I know?
Who is he. then?
Okay.
Hey. whoa.
You… You said if I told you everything…
Hey!
[whooshing]
[Mori] Help! Someone. help me! Please!
Please! [choking]
[Kyoko] That's what he said to you too.
-[Mori chokes]
-[loud thud]
[whooshing softens]
[silence]
[melancholy music playing]
[Kyoko grunting]
[sobbing]
[panicked wailing]
[screaming]
[melancholy music continues]
I imagine Ren wanted revenge.
Is he actually…
the Human Vapor. Kyoko?
Or is he possibly…
just a monster with his face?
That can be controlled
by anyone who knows how?
No. I'm telling you. it's him.
Well then.
if Ren is really in there…
was he the kind of person
who would want to kill people?
[sorrowful music playing]
Forgive me if I'm wrong. but I believe…
you're the one who wanted revenge.
The only thing we can do…
is to make sure that we don't forget
those who are gone.
So you're saying
I should just deal with it?
Can you forgive Miura?
After everything that man did.
the suffering he caused you and me.
can you forgive him?
No. I can't.
And that's why
I'll make sure he faces justice.
[music fades out]
[woman 1] Oh my God! Hey!
Hi! Oh. you look amazing!
[indistinct chattering]
[tense music playing]
[gasps]
[sinister music playing]
[Kaho gasping]
[Kaho whimpers]
[footsteps receding]
[Kaho whimpers softly]
[sinister music fades]
Kaho?
Wait. stop. Kyoko!
[eerie music playing]
GO VOTE 11/22
TOKYO GOVERNOR ELECTION
TAKESHI MIURA
CAMPAIGN OFFICE
[eerie music building]
-[booming drumbeat]
-[music fades]
[dramatic music playing]